Clearness index (#2140)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

v0.57.0 (unreleased)
--------------------

> Contributors to this version: Éric (:user:`coxipi`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors to this version: Éric Dupuis (:user:`coxipi`).
```

New indicators
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* New indicator ``xclim.atmos.clearness_index`` computes the `clearness_index` (ratio of downwards solar radiation to extraterrestrial solar radiation). (:pull:`2140`).

Internal changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Conversion function ``xclim.indices._conversion.shortwave_downwelling_radiation_from_clearness_index`` that inverses ``xclim.indices._conversion.clearness_index``. (:pull:`2140`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New conversion function ``xclim.indices._conversion.shortwave_downwelling_radiation_from_clearness_index`` provides the inverse of ``xclim.indices._conversion.clearness_index``. (:pull:`2140`).
```
